General Glare input specification
=================================

A Glare-compliant model can be any model readable by Glare (through an API or something) and 
that can be transformed into a GroundhogModel. That is, Glare should be able to make a
difference between different kinds of objects, surfaces and some other things.
For example, it is important to make a difference between a 'normal' surface and a 'workplane'.
While the former is meant to be rendered and represents a real surface in the model, the latter
is not meant to represent a real surface, but an abstraction of where the user want to evaluate
daylight metrics.

Current readable formats are:

* **SketchUp models (.SKP)**: (partially supported) Natively, Glare can read a SketchUp model,
from which it gets all the geometry. However, unless generated by using [Groundhog SketchUp extension](http://www.groundhoglighting.com), 
all materials will be physically incorrect and no workplanes or any other abstractions will
be considered.

General information
--------------------
Just to keep things simple, there are certain rules that you should follow when extending Glare.

1. All strings (names of components or surfaces or whatever) should be in ASCII. If you interact with models that do not comply, transform such strings into ASCII.
2. North points towards the Y axis.
3. Glare uses the International System of Units (SI). That is, the position of vertices are assumed to be in meters. 
4. The only excepion to the rule above is that all angles are measured in degrees. Even if the degree is not part of the SI, it is accepted by it.


A look inside of a GroundhogModel
---------------------------------

A GroundhogModel is an object that has several other objects inside. They are:

### Layers

Layers contain all the geometry of the model. That is, they contain faces, component 
instances and other geometrical information (each of which reference a material), 
with the exception of the windows.

It should be noted that each layer has a unique name.

### Component Definitions

Component Definitions represent groups of Face (or other geometry) meant to be placed several times in a GroudhogModel. For example, a chair, a table or anything that will be used repeatedly in 
the model. Component Definitions are referenced as Component Instances within other
Component Definitions or in Layers.

It should be noted that each component definition has a unique name.

There is no need of having any views. So, unless you know what to fill this with, 
just leave it empty.

### Materials


### Views

Some 3D modelling tools allow saving predefined views (sometimes known as cameras, 
scenes or other). A Groundhog Model allows storing such views, requiring as input:

* Name
* Point of view
* View direction
* View up
* Horizontal field of view
* Vertical field of view
* View Type (parallel or perspective)

There is no need of having any views. So, unless you know what to fill this with, 
just leave it empty.

### Date

The current date in the model, containing the Month, Day, Hour and Minute.

If not available, do not change it. The default date when a new model is crated
is January 1st, 12:00.

### North correction

Some 3D modelling tools allow the user to choose where North is, thus the North Correction is
a number that indicates the real north of the model. 

A positive north correction will 'rotate the model' counterclockwise. That is, a window facing 
North in the original model will look Nort-West after correction. In other words, a positive 45 
degree north correction means that the true north points on direction (1,1,0).

If not available, default to 0.


### Objectives


### Workplanes


### Photosensors


### Window Groups


### Weather


### Options


### Observers


### Location

Contains information about Longitude, Latitude, Timezone, etc. 

If not available, do not change it. The default location is 0°N, 0°W, 
on timezone GMT+0. Name of city and country will be 'not specified'